README.md, before:

# FTP Interact
This .NET-based GitHub Action top copy or delete files

## Inputs
| Parameter                 | Required  | Default                  | Description                                                                               |
| :---                      | :---      | :---                     | :---                                                                                      |
| **server**                | **Yes**   |                          | Address for the destination server.                                                       |
| port                      | No        | **21**                   | Port for the destination server.                                                          |
| **username**              | **Yes**   |                          | Username for the destination server.                                                      |
| **password**              | **Yes**   |                          | Password for the destination server.                                                      |
| localDir                  | No        | **/**                    | Local Directory from which to upload.                                                     |
| deleteFileAppOfflineHtm   | No        | **false**                | Delete app_offline.htm from server.                                                       |

## Example Workflow
```
# Workflow name
name: Deploy site to live
 
on:
  # Run automatically on push to main branch
  push:
    branches: [ main ]
    paths:
    - 'src/**'
  # Allow manual trigger
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  web-deploy:
    name: Deploy
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - name: Get files
      uses: actions/checkout@v2.3.4
      
    - name: FTP Interact
      uses: cinderblockgames/ftp-action@v1.2.2
      with:
        # required
        server: ftp.example.com
        username: example@example.com
        password: ${{ secrets.FTP_PASSWORD }}
        # optional
        port: 22
        source: src/path
        destination: target/path
        skipUnchanged: true
        skipDirectories: .github|.well-known|configs|private-keys
        test: true
```

Commit message:

Create a docker image
plus refactoring, clean code and better documentation

README.md, after:

# FTP Interact
This .NET-based GitHub Action to copy or delete files

Code is based on https://github.com/cinderblockgames/ftp-action

## Inputs
| Parameter               | Required | Default   | Description                          |
| :---------------------- | :------- | :-------- | :----------------------------------- |
| **host**                | **Yes**  |           | Address for the destination host     |
| port                    | No       | **21**    | Port for the destination host        |
| **username**            | **Yes**  |           | Username for the destination host    |
| **password**            | **Yes**  |           | Password for the destination host    |
| localDir                | No       |           | Local Directory from which to upload |
| deleteFileAppOfflineHtm | No       | **false** | Delete app_offline.htm from host     |
| ignoreCertificateErrors | No       | **false** | Ignore certificate errors            |

## Example Workflow
```
# Workflow name
name: Deploy site to live
 
on:
  # Run automatically on push to main branch
  push:
    branches: [ main ]
    paths:
    - 'src/**'
  # Allow manual trigger
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  web-deploy:
    name: Deploy
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2.3.4
      
    - name: FTP Interact
      uses: priradev/ftp-interactions@v0.2.0-beta
      with:
        # required
        host: ${{ secrets.FTP_SERVER }}
        username: example@example.com
        password: ${{ secrets.FTP_PASSWORD }}
        # one of the next is required
        localDir: ./Resources/Offline/
        deleteFileAppOfflineHtm: true
        # optional
        port: 21
        ignoreCertificateErrors: false
```
